# Introduction
The National Football league was founded in 1920 as a means to standardize the rules and regulations of the sport and. By the mid-1960s, football was the most popular sport in America. The advent of cable television brought the sport into every home in America. Since then, millions have enjoyed watching their favorite teams compete every Sunday.
Fantasy football arose as a natural outcome to the rise of the role of data in professional sports. In its most basic form, fantasy football is a game which tracks stats of every NFL player each week and awards points based on how well a player performs, with metrics including number of receptions, passing, receiving, and rushing yards, and number of touchdowns. A typical fantasy football league starts with a draft in which league members pick from a list of all NFL players, ranked based on their projected stats for the upcoming season. From these players, they create a lineup each week of 1 quarterback (QB), 2 running backs (RB), 2 wide receivers (WR), 1 tight end (TE), 1 flex player (RB, WR, or TE), 1 defense (D/ST), and 1 kicker (K). Each week, members put their lineups to the test by going head to head with others in their league to score the most points. League members can try to improve their team throughout the season by adding available players who have not been claimed by other teams or orchestrating trades with other league members.
Thus, to succeed in fantasy football, we need to be able to accurately predict which players will perform the best not only each week, but throughout the entire season. The data itself is available to everyone; the key to success is taking the data and determining which parts are meaningful and which are not. In this data science tutorial, we will discuss in detail the process which data scientists take to answer questions such as these.

